Modem trace shell send uart (#11582)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/nrf_modem_lib.rst

   When one of the UART trace backends is enabled by either the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_BACKEND_UART` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_BACKEND_UART_SYNC`, it initializes the UART1 driver, regardless of its status in the devicetree.

Modem trace shell command
==========================

Shell command: ``modem_trace``

Use the modem trace commands to control the trace functionality in the modem when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_SHELL` is enabled.

> A trace backend that can store modem traces is required to upload modem traces to the cloud.

Reviewer: okay. Fine by me. :)

> A trace backend that can store modem traces is required to upload modem traces to the cloud.

Reviewer 2: Addressed in PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/11095

Examples
--------

* Modem trace everything (LTE, IP and GNSS):

  .. code-block:: console

     modem_trace start full
     <test using gnss-, lte-, or ip-commands>
     modem_trace stop

* Read out the size of stored modem traces:

  .. code-block:: console

     modem_trace size

* Delete all stored modem traces:

  .. code-block:: console

     modem_trace clear

Send to Memfault
----------------

> To register an account and obtain the project key, refer to the :ref:`using_memfault` section of the :ref:`ug_memfault` guide.

Author: @divipillai ?

> To register an account and obtain the project key, refer to the :ref:`using_memfault` section of the :ref:`ug_memfault` guide.

Reviewer 2: In PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/11095/files, the docs were updates as : 

```suggestion
To send data to Memfault, you must have a `Memfault account <Memfault registration page_>`_, a project key, and :ref:`configure Memfault <ug_memfault_config>` in your application.
Refer to the :ref:`ug_memfault` guide for more information.
```

Please note the details about  remote debugging is mentioned in the Memfault user guide. May be we could change this as -

To send stored modem traces to Memfault, you must........

> To register an account and obtain the project key, refer to the :ref:`using_memfault` section of the :ref:`ug_memfault` guide.

Reviewer 2: Addressed in PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/11095

After a modem trace session, prepare sending the trace data to Memfault using ``modem_trace send memfault``.
This informs the `Memfault-SDK`_ about a Custom Data Recording (CDR) that will be sent as part of the next data transfer to Memfault.
To trigger sending immediately, it's possible to use the Memfault shell command ``mflt post_chunks``.

Follow these steps to download the modem trace data:

   a. In a web browser, navigate to `Memfault`_.
   #. Log in to your account and select the project you created earlier.
   #. Navigate to :guilabel:`Fleet` > :guilabel:`Devices` in the left side menu.
   #. Select the **device** that sent a modem trace.
   #. Navigate to the :guilabel:`Timeline` tab.
   #. Find the CDR in the timeline and click on it.
   #. Select :guilabel:`Download` from the pop-up window.

See the following figure, which shows how to download the modem trace data in the `Memfault`_:

.. figure:: /images/modem_shell_trace_download.png
   :alt: Modem trace download

   Modem trace download

Example
--------

The following is an example of stored modem traces sent to Memfault.

> This will free up the stored traces as they are sent.

Author: As they are sent

> This will free up the stored traces as they are sent.

Reviewer 2: Should be "after they are sent". I overlooked it. Thanks for pointing this out.

> This will free up the stored traces as they are sent.

Reviewer 2: Addressed in PR https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/11095
